TERMS FOR EQUITY INVESTMENT IN

[_Insert Seed Company Name_] OY

[Date]

This Term Sheet (this .**_Term Sheet_**.) summarizes the principal terms with
respect to an equity investment by [insert investor.s name] in [___________],
Oy, a limited liability company incorporated under the Finnish laws (the
.**_Company_**.).  This Term Sheet does not constitute any legally binding
obligations for either party, save for the section entitled .Binding Terms..
Legally binding obligations in respect to the investment will only be made
pursuant to definitive agreements to be negotiated and executed by the
parties. _The offering terms:_

Securities to Issue

Series A Shares of the Company.

Aggregate Proceeds:

EUR [_________] in aggregate.

Investor[s]

[investors approved by the Company] (the _.**Investor[s]**._).

Subscription Price Per Share:

Price per each Series A Share (the _.**Original Subscription Price**._), based
on a pre-money valuation of EUR [____] including an unallocated option pool
representing [X]% of the fully.diluted post-money capitalization.

Capitalization

The Company.s capital structure before and after the closing of the investment
is set forth in **Exhibit A**.

Dividends

Non-cumulative dividends shall be paid to holders of Series A Shares pro rata
to any dividends paid on common shares on as-if-converted basis when and if
declared by the Board and approved by the Shareholders. Meeting.

Liquidation Preference:

The greater of: (i) one times the Original Subscription Price added with
declared but unpaid dividends on each Series A Share; or (ii) the amount
holder of Series A Share would have received had the Series A Share been
converted into common shares immediately prior to the Liquidation Event. The
remaining proceeds shall be distributed to the holders of common shares on a
pro-rata basis.

(i) A merger or consolidation (other than one in which shareholders of the
Company own a majority by voting power of all the outstanding shares of the
surviving or acquiring company); (ii) other type of single transaction, or
series of related transactions, in which control, i.e. at least 50.01 per cent
(50.01%) or more of all the shares or votes, are transferred; and (iii) a
sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company; and (iv) liquidation or
bankruptcy, will be treated as a liquidation event (.**_Liquidation
Event_**.).

Conversion:

Each Series A Share is convertible into one common share, subject to
adjustments for stock splits, reverse splits and the like, at any time at the
option of the holder of Series A Shares.

Documentation:

Definitive agreements will be based on Series A Shares documents published at
[].  

Information:

The Investors will receive standard information and inspection rights.

Participation Right:

The Investors will have the right, but not the obligation, to participate in
subsequent issuances of any equity securities on a pro rata basis.

Protective Provisions:

Approval of the majority holders of Series A Shares is required to (i)
adversely change rights of the Series A Shares or amend the Articles of
Association; (ii) issue, redeem or purchase shares or other equity securities;
(iii) declare or pay any dividend or make a decision on other asset
distributions; (iv) guarantee any indebtedness, save for trade accounts of the
Company, or incur any indebtedness in excess of EUR [add]; (v) make any loan
or advance, save for a wholly owned subsidiary; (vi) change the number of
directors; (vii) merge, demerge, liquidate or dissolve the Company, including
any Liquidation Event; (viii) transfer, lease, license (other than licenses
granted in the ordinary course of business on a non-exclusive basis), pledge
or encumber assets or rights material to the Company.s business; (ix) any
contract or assignment with a Shareholder or his immediate family member or
any entity controlled by a Shareholder and/or his immediate family member(s);
(x) hire, fire or amend the terms of employment contracts of key persons.

Board of Directors:

Two directors elected by holders of a majority of common shares, one elected
by holders of Series A Shares.

Right of First Refusal

Transfer of common shares is subject to primarily Company.s and secondly other
shareholders. right of first refusal. A customary redemption clause shall be
included in the Company.s Articles of Association.

Expenses:

The Company shall reimburse counsel to the Investors for fee, which shall not
exceed EUR [add].

Founders

100% of the Founders. shares will vest in four (4) years. Buyback right of
primarily the Company and secondly Investors for the maximum of 100% of the
Founder.s shares lapses in equal monthly increments over following 48 months.

Liquidation Event accelerated unvested Founder.s shares so that all the
unvested shares will vest in two (2) years following a Liquidation Event.

All shares will vest if Founder's employment is terminated without .cause..

The Founders are required a one-year non-competition and non-solicitation
commitment from the date they transferred all their shares. Founders to assign
all IPR.s to the Company.

The Company and each Founder severally shall give representations and
warranties to the Investors. Founder.s liability shall be capped at EUR [add].

Binding Terms:

For a period of thirty (30) days of the date of this Term Sheet, the Company
and the Founders agree not to solicit offers from other parties for any equity
financing or sale or transfer of all or material part of the assets of the
Company. This Term Sheet and the contents hereof are confidential and the
Company may disclose these terms only to its representatives, directors and
its legal or financial advisors. Any other disclosure is prohibited.

Expiration

This Term Sheet expires on [add date], if not accepted by the Company.

In ______________ on [].[].2011


[INSerT SEED COMPANY.S NAME] OY                                    [INSeRT
INVESTOR.S NAME]

__

_____________________                                                         
 _____________________

