SHAREHOLDERS. AGREEMENT

BETWEEN

[ADD NAMES OF SHAREHOLDERS]

 AND

[ADD NAME OF THE COMPANY]

REGARDING

[ADD NAME OF THE COMPANY]

DATED [ADD DATE], 2011

**

**

****

**SHAREHOLDERS. AGREEMENT**

#  1.                 PARTIES

This Shareholders. Agreement (this .Agreement.) is made and entered into on
[DATE] (.Effective Date.) by and among the following parties:

####  (a)               [NAME OF FOUNDER] [PERSONAL / BUSINESS ID]; Address
[ADRESS];

####  (b)              [NAME OF FOUNDER] [PERSONAL / BUSINESS ID]; Address
[ADRESS];

####  (c)               [NAME OF INVESTOR] [PERSONAL / BUSINESS ID]; Address
[ADRESS];

####  (d)              [NAME OF INVESTOR] [PERSONAL / BUSINESS ID]; Address
[ADRESS];

####  (e)               new Shareholder, who has adhered to this Agreement by
means of a separate adherence agreement as the new Investor and the new
Shareholder, or as the new Working Shareholder and the new Shareholder; and

####  (f)               [NAME OF THE COMPANY] [BUSINESS ID]; Address [ADRESS]
(.Company.).

The Parties (a) . ([b]) are hereinafter referred to collectively as the
.Founders. and each separately as a .Founder.. The Parties ([c]) . ([d]) and
the new Investor, as the case may be, are hereinafter referred to collectively
as the .Investors. and each separately as an .Investor.. The Parties (a) .
([e]) are hereinafter referred to collectively as the .Shareholders. and each
separately a .Shareholder.. The Founders and new Shareholders having adhered
to this Agreement as new Working Shareholders, are hereinafter referred to
collectively as the .Working Shareholders. and each separately as a .Working
Shareholder.. The Parties (a) . ([f]) are hereinafter referred to collectively
as the .Parties. and each separately as a .Party..

#  2.                 BACKGROUND AND THE PURPOSE

In this Agreement the Parties agree on certain rights and obligations of the
Shareholders and the Company and on the management and the Company.

The goal of the Parties is to manage and develop the business and the
operations of the Company to maximize the value of the Shares. The intention
of the Parties is also to raise funds to the Company and all the Parties
acknowledge and understand that it will require the Shareholders entering into
a new Shareholders. Agreement and that the new equity provider may require
preferred shares to be issued to him.

The Parties may also enter into a minority shareholders. agreement to which
certain minority shareholders and/or transferee of Shares are required to
adhere as decided by the Board of Directors in accordance with this Agreement.
The Parties warrant that they have carefully and independently evaluated the
rights and obligations arising out of this Agreement and the risks and
possibilities relating to this Agreement.

#  3.                 GENERAL OBLIGATION

The Shareholders agree to contribute to that the Company would be successful
and would be able to achieve the objectives set in the business plan (as
amended from time to time) of the Company.

Each Shareholder undertakes, also through the members of the Board of
Directors or other representatives appointed by him, at the Shareholders.
Meetings and the meetings of the Board of Directors, to exercise his voting
rights and to act in a way necessary to ensure the proper realization of and
compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Articles of Association.

#  4.                 SHARE CLASSES

##  4.1             Common and Preference Shares

The Company has two separate classes of shares: common shares (.**Common
Shares**.) and preferred series A shares (.**Series A Shares**.). Series A
Shares shall have preference set out in Section 4.2 over the Common Shares in
the Liquidation Events (as defined below in Section 4.2) and shall be
convertible into Common Shares at any time as set out in Section 4.3 below but
otherwise the Common Shares and Series A Shares shall have the same rights in
the Company. All the shares shall carry one vote each.

For the purposes of this Agreement the .**Shares**. shall mean in addition to
any class of shares (including the Common Shares and Series A Shares), all
securities entitling to new shares in the Company, e.g. convertible loans and
option rights, and any other special rights or instruments which entitle to
subscribe to or convert into shares in the Company as well as the contractual
subscription and redemption rights based on which shares in the Company can be
acquired.

##  4.2             Liquidation Preference

In the event of any Liquidation Event of the Company, the proceeds shall be
paid to the Shareholders as follows:

####  (a)               First the greater of: (i) one time the original
subscription price paid for Series A Share added with declared but unpaid
dividends on each Series A Share; or (ii) the amount holder of Series A Share
would have received had the Series A Share been converted into Common Share
immediately prior to the Liquidation Event.

####  (b)              Secondly, the remaining proceeds shall be distributed
to the holders of Common Shares on a pro-rata basis.

For the purposes of this Agreement, .**Liquidation Event**. shall mean any of
the following events:

#####  (i)                a merger or consolidation (other than one in which
shareholders of the Company own a majority by voting power of all the
outstanding shares of the surviving or acquiring company);

#####  (ii)              other kind of single transaction, or series of
related transactions, in which control, i.e. at least 50.01 % or more of all
the Shares or votes, are transferred;

#####  (iii)            a sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or

#####  (iv)            a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Company.

##  4.3             Conversion

Each Series A Share shall be convertible into one (1) Common Share at any time
at the option of the holder, subject to adjustments for stock splits, reverse
splits and the like.

#  5.                 SHARE CERTIFICATES

The Company has not issued any share certificates representing the Shares. The
Shareholders hereby waive their right pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act to
require the Board of Directors to issue share certificates, interim
certificates, option certificate or similar securities.

#  6.                 FUTURE FINANCING

##  6.1             General

Parties acknowledge and accept that the Company may from time to time issue
new Shares strictly in accordance with this Agreement.

All Investors shall have a pro rata right, but not an obligation, to
participate in subsequent issuances of any Shares on the same terms and
conditions than any other Shareholder or third party investor or financer. In
addition, should any Investor choose not to purchase or subscribe to its full
pro rata share (calculated based on the Investor.s then-current shareholding)
in such issuances of any Shares, the other Investors shall have the right to
purchase or subscribe to the remaining pro rata share of the Shares. In the
event an Investor has not replied or notified the Company of his participation
in issuance of the Shares in writing within fourteen (14) days after having
received a notice by letter or email from the Company about the terms of the
financing, he shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived his right to his pro
rata part of issued Shares.

##  6.2             Third Party Financing

In the event that the Company is raising funds (such as third party financer
as mentioned under Section 6.1) the Shareholders understand that there may be
a need to enter into a new shareholders. agreement or other agreements (such
as investment agreement or subscription agreement) regarding the Company
and/or to amend the Articles of Association as well as take other actions to
secure the Company.s financing. Therefore, the Shareholders commit to vote in
favour of any decisions in the Shareholders. Meetings of the Company relating
to amending the Articles of Association, directed Share issues, other
corporate resolution on financing and any other matters required to complete
the fund raising provided more than 2/3 of Series A Shares and of the Common
Shares vote for it. The Shareholders shall also sign and execute any
shareholders. agreement or other agreement (such as investment agreement or
subscription agreement) required for completion of the above actions. If a
Shareholder does not execute such agreement(s) or vote in favour of the above
actions simultaneously with the other Shareholders he shall be deemed to have
appointed the Investors or any person appointed by the Investors for that
purpose to be his agent and attorney to execute all necessary agreements, to
vote in favour of any matters and to take any other actions on his behalf.

#  7.                 GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY

The Board of Directors shall consist of the minimum of three (3) members and
the maximum of five (5) members, of which two members and their personal
deputy members shall be elected by holders of a majority of Common Shares, one
elected by holders of a majority of the Series A Shares. Other members of the
Board of Directors shall be appointed by the Shareholders in accordance with
the Finnish Companies Act and this Agreement.

In addition to any other approval required under the Finnish Companies. Act
and the Company.s Articles of Association, the Company shall not, without the
written consent of the majority holders of the Series A Shares:

#####  (i)                adversely change the rights of the Series A Shares
or amend the Articles of Association;

#####  (ii)              issue, redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, or sell
or otherwise transfer any Shares;

#####  (iii)            declare or pay any dividend or make a decision on
other asset distributions;

#####  (iv)            guarantee any indebtedness, save for trade accounts of
the Company, or incur any indebtedness in excess of EUR [add];

#####  (v)              make any loan or advance, except for a wholly owned
subsidiary;

#####  (vi)            change the number of directors;

#####  (vii)          merge, demerge, liquidate or dissolve the Company,
including any Liquidation Event;

#####  (viii)        transfer, lease, license (other than licenses granted in
the ordinary course of business on a non-exclusive basis), pledge or encumber
assets or rights material to the Company.s business;

#####  (ix)            any contract or assignment with a Shareholder or his
immediate family member or any entity controlled by a Shareholder and/or his
immediate family member(s);

#####  (x)              hire, fire or amend the terms of employment contracts
of key persons Working Shareholders.

Any and all matters referred to in this Section 7 concerning an affiliate
(including a subsidiary, joint venture or branch) of the Company shall require
the same majority as set out above in this Section 7.

#  8.                 REPURCHASE OF SHARES FROM WORKING SHAREHOLDERS

The Common Shares owned by the Working Shareholders are subject to right to
buyback, if such Working Shareholder.s employment is terminated with Cause as
defined in this Section 8 below, first by the Company and secondly by the
Investors pro rata to their then-current ownership of the Shares on an as-
converted basis. In the event one or more Investors do not wish to exercise
such right the outstanding Investors exercising the buyback right shall be
entitled to buyback such Shares on pro rata basis. The buyback right shall
lapse upon the Working Shareholders. Shares becoming vested. The Working
Shareholder.s Shares shall vest in equal monthly increments over following
forty-eight (48) months calculated from (i) for the Founders from the
Effective Date; and (ii) for a Working Shareholder other than Founders as
agreed in a separate adherence agreement, during which time period the
respective Working Shareholder.s employment agreement is in force, thus
hundred percent (100%) of each Working Shareholder.s Shares will vest in four
(4) years. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, the Board of
Directors shall have in accordance with Section 7 the right to agree on
deviations to the above vesting period (48 months) on a case by case basis in
writing, subject to the written consent of a member of the Board of Directors
appointed by holders of the Series A Shares.

A Liquidation Event shall accelerate the vesting of the unvested Working
Shareholder.s Shares in a way that all the Working Shareholder.s unvested
Shares will vest in two (2) years following a Liquidation Event, if such
Working Shareholder.s unvested Shares would not have vested earlier otherwise.

All unvested Shares will vest if Working Shareholder.s employment is
terminated without a Cause. For the purpose of this Section 8, a .**Cause**.
shall mean: 

#####  (i)                termination of the employment agreement under
Finnish Employment Contract Act or other applicable laws based on employee.s
fault or person other than as a result of death, disability or serious illness
of the Working Shareholders, whether after notice period or not; or

#####  (ii)              termination or cancellation of the managing director
or other director contract based on corresponding reasons as if the managing
director were treated as an employee (taken into account his tasks) under
Finnish Employment Contract Act or other applicable law based on employee.s
fault or person; or

#####  (iii)            termination of the employment agreement, the managing
director or other director agreement by the Working Shareholders; or

#####  (iv)            a material breach of this Agreement which remains
uncured (if possible to be cured) for a period of thirty (30) days after the
Working Shareholders received a written notice from the Company and/or any
Shareholder of the breach.

#####  The Cause shall be deemed to be occurred when the Company or its
affiliate validly terminates the Working Shareholder.s employment for reasons
specified in this Section 8 or when the Working Shareholders terminates his
employment. The price for the repurchased Working Shareholder.s unvested
Shares shall be the lower of (i) the original purchase and/or subscription
price paid by the respective Working Shareholders; or (ii) the fair market
value of such Share.

The termination of the Working Shareholder.s employment based on the Cause
shall be deemed as an offer from such a Working Shareholders to the Company
and the Investors. The notice regarding the use of the right to acquire the
Working Shareholder.s unvested Shares under this Section 8 shall be given by
the Company to all the Investors within two (2) months from the effective
termination date of the Working Shareholder.s employment or other similar
contract. If the Company has not confirmed within the above two months period
that it will acquire all the respective Working Shareholder.s unvested Shares,
then the Investors shall have, pro rata to their then-current shareholdings,
the right to acquire the remaining of the Working Shareholder.s unvested
Shares within two (2) months from the Company.s above notice.

If the Company or the Investors have not required the respective Working
Shareholder.s unvested Shares to be acquired, the respective Working
Shareholders shall have the right to keep also the unvested Shares.

The transfer of the Working Shareholder.s repurchased unvested Shares shall
take place no later than within fourteen (14) days of the above two (2) months
time periods, as applicable, in accordance with the Share Transfer Agreement
in a form of _Exhibit 1_. In the event the Working Shareholder will not sign
the Share Transfer Agreement, the acquisition and transfer of title of the
repurchased Shares shall be regarded to have been made upon the Company and/or
the Investor notifying the respective Working Shareholder of his confirmation
to acquire such Working Shareholder.s unvested Shares or part of them.

#  9.                 TRANSFER OF SHARES

##  9.1             Limitations on Transfer 

For the purposes of this Agreement .**Transfer**. shall mean shall mean, with
respect to any Shares or any interest therein, (i) to offer, sell, grant any
pledge, option, right or warrant to purchase or purchase, any option or lend
or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any such Shares
or interests therein; or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that
transfers to any third party, in whole or in part, any of the economic rights
of any Shares or interests therein, whether any such transaction described in
clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled in cash, by delivery of any shares
or interests in any other legal entity or otherwise. When used as a noun, the
term Transfer shall have the correlative meaning.

The Parties undertake that they shall not, directly or indirectly, Transfer
any Shares or any rights and/or interest therein contrary to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and the redemption clause of the Company.s
Articles of Association.

Unless otherwise expressly agreed in this Agreement, no transferee, including
but not limited to any new person or entity subscribing for the Shares in the
Company, of the Shares shall become a shareholder of the Company, and no
Shares shall be transferred on the books and records of the Company, until the
transferee executes a written adherence agreement to this Agreement and/or to
a minority shareholders. agreement, as the case may be, in the form and
substance satisfactory to the Board of Directors (including vote of a member
appointed by the holders of the Series A Shares) as representative of the
Parties to this Agreement, under which the transferee assumes all or part of
the obligations of the transferor under this Agreement and agrees to be bound
by and subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and/or the
minority shareholders. agreement as the case may be, including any amendments
made thereto.  The Shareholders hereby irrevocably authorize the Company.s
Board of Directors to sign and execute such adherence agreement to this
Agreement and/or to the minority shareholders. agreement (as the case may be)
on behalf of all the Parties on the terms and conditions decided by the Board
of Directors in accordance with this Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything else stated in this Agreement or the Company.s
Articles of Association, each of the Investors may freely Transfer the Shares
held by it to any fund(s) or companies owned or controlled by the Investor,
any parent company (up and including the ultimate parent company) of the
Investor, or any general or limited partner or shareholder of the Investor,
provided that the respective transferee prior to such Transfer shall have
agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement applicable to the
said Investor.

All the Shareholders shall irrevocably waive their rights under the redemption
clause of the Articles of Association in connection with a Transfer of the
Shares under this Section 9.

##  9.2             Right of First Refusal

If a Shareholder other than holder of  Series A Shares wishes to Transfer a
part or all of his Shares (.**Transferring Shareholder**.), the Shares shall
be offered first for redemption for the Company and secondly, to the
Shareholders on a pro rata to the Shareholders. then current shareholdings
basis.

If the Company wishes to use its right for redemption as provided for in the
Finnish Companies Act with respect to the acquisition of the company.s own
Shares, it has to notify the Transferring Shareholder within thirty (30) days
from the date when the Shares have been offered to the Parties for redemption
against cash consideration under the terms and conditions contained in the
notice, which includes at least the following terms: purchase price, payment
terms of the purchase price, date of transfer of the title and other essential
terms of the Transfer.

If the Company does not use its redemption right or does not use it with
respect to all of the Shares, the other Shareholders have the secondary right
within fourteen (14) days from the end of the above thirty (30) days period
the right to (but not obligation) to redeem the Transferring Shareholder.s
remaining Shares against cash consideration in accordance with the terms
specified in the notice of the Transferring Shareholder. If more than one
Shareholder wishes to use his right for redemption, the Shares shall be
divided between such Shareholders in proportion to their then-current
aggregate shareholdings in the Company, unless otherwise agreed between such
acquiring Shareholders.

For the avoidance of doubt, if (and only when it is obvious that) the Company
or the Shareholders do not use their redemption right as set above in full,
the Transferring Shareholder has the right to Transfer his Shares (or part of
them that have not been acquired under this Section 9.2) to a third party
under the terms of the above Transferring Shareholder.s notice to other
Shareholders and the Company. This right of the Transferring Shareholder to
Transfer his Shares shall be valid for ninety (90) days from the end of the
above fourteen (14) days period given to other Shareholders ended. After the
above ninety (90) days period the Transferring Shareholder shall not have the
right to Transfer its/his Shares without recommencing the procedure under this
Section 9.2.

##  9.3             Adherence Agreement

All sales and other Transfers of the Shares shall always be conditional upon
the transferee committing to adhere to this Agreement (as the Shareholder and,
when applicable, as the Investor or as the Working Shareholder) and/or to the
possible minority shareholders. agreement regarding the Company in accordance
with the decision of the Board of Directors of the Company (subject to the
consent of a member of the Board of Directors appointed by the holders of the
Series A Shares) by signing a separate adherence agreement. The adherence
agreement approved and executed by the Board of Directors shall be binding on
all the Parties. For the avoidance of doubt, it is stated that no separate
consent shall be required due to the adherence of a third party to this
Agreement and/or the possible minority shareholders. agreement, if the terms
and conditions of this Agreement are complied with. The Board of Directors of
the Company has also the right, subject to the consent of a member of the
Board of Directors appointed by the holders of the Series A Shares, to agree
with the third party on exceptions to the non-competition undertaking of this
Agreement and/or the possible minority shareholders. agreement.

#  10.             INFORMATION RIGHTS

##  10.1         Basic Financial Information 

In addition to any and all information rights of the shareholders generally
under the Finnish Companies Act, the Company will furnish to each Investor
when available:

####  (a)               annual unaudited financial statements for each
financial period of the Company, including an unaudited balance sheet as of
the end of such financial period, an unaudited statement of operations and an
unaudited statement of cash flows of the Company for such year, all prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and practices in
Finland; and

####  (b)              quarterly unaudited financial statements for each
quarter of the Company, excluding the last quarter of the Company.s accounting
period, including an unaudited balance sheet as of the end of such quarter, an
unaudited statement of operations and an unaudited statement of cash flows of
the Company for such quarter, all prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and practices in Finland, subject to changes
resulting from normal year-end audit adjustments. 

The Company shall provide the Investors with audited records of any of the
foregoing, if available.

##  10.2         Inspection Rights 

The Company shall upon written request of each Investor allow an Investor to
visit and inspect the Company.s properties, to examine its books of account
and records, to take copies thereof and to discuss the Company.s affairs,
finances and accounts with its officers, all at such reasonable times as may
be requested by such Investor.

#  11.             CONFIDENTIALITY 

Each Party undertakes to keep confidential and will not disclose, divulge, or
use for any purpose other than for exercising his rights hereunder terms of
this Agreement and any confidential information (whether or not marked as
confidential) obtained from the Company pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement other than to any of the Parties. attorneys, accountants,
consultants, and other professionals, to the extent necessary for exercising
his rights hereunder.

Each Shareholder has the right, notwithstanding the above confidentiality
undertaking and without the other Parties consent, to disclose the information
or the state of affair to third parties or to publish the information, if the
Shareholder in question has an obligation to do that pursuant to the
compulsory laws or regulations, or when authorized by the Company.s Board of
Directors, or, subject to a separate confidentiality undertaking which is
materially consistent with the terms of this Section 11, when Transferring the
Shares to third parties under Section 9.

The Shareholders agree to keep in confidence the confidential information
during the validity of this Agreement and three (3) years after any
termination or expiration of this Agreement.

#  12.             NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION

The Working Shareholders shall during the validity of this Agreement and for a
period of one (1) year after he Transferred all his Shares not to compete,
directly or indirectly, with the business of the Company or the companies
belonging to the same group. The above includes also the Working Shareholders
acting, directly or indirectly, as an employee, consult, shareholder, member
of the Board of Directors, advisor or in any other role in a company competing
with the business of the Company or the companies belonging to the same group
with the Company. The Working Shareholders shall not be allowed to offer,
produce or order services for the customers of the Company or the companies
belonging to the same group with the Company in the field of the business of
the Company. Also, the preparation and the commencement of any competing
business by the Working Shareholders are not allowed during the above non-
competition period.

During the validity of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) years after
he Transferred all his Shares, the Shareholders other than the Investors shall
not directly or indirectly solicit the employees or consultants of the Company
or the companies belonging to the same group with the Company.

The Shareholders expressly hereby warrant that this Section 12 is fair and
reasonable in all parts and that it does not unreasonably prohibit them to be
employed or get their living without breaching the prohibition of competition.

The Board of Directors shall have the right, at the justified request made by
the Shareholder in writing, to agree on exceptions (also in the adherence
agreement(s)) to the above non-competition and non-solicitation undertakings
on a case by case basis, subject to the written consent of a member of the
Board of Directors appointed by holders of the Series A Shares.

#  13.             INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

For the purposes of this Agreement .**Intellectual Property Rights**. shall
mean shall mean copyrights (excluding paternity rights), copyright related
rights, know-how, trademarks, domain-names, utility models, logos and trade
names, product descriptions, patents, innovations, discoveries, trade secrets,
ideas, methods, rights in designs, computer software, and scientific,
technical and product information relating to the Company (and any of its
affiliate) or arising from the business of the Company (and any of its
affiliates) regardless of whether registered or not and including application
for grant of any of the foregoing and all rights or forms of protection having
equivalent or similar effect to any of the foregoing which may now or at any
time hereafter anywhere in the world.

The Parties acknowledge and agree that the essential condition of this
Agreement is that the Company shall have, without any separate compensation,
all the right, title and interest in and to all the Intellectual Property
Rights arising out of the business of the Company and its affiliates which are
developed or generated prior to or after the execution of this Agreement based
on the Working Shareholder.s employment, whether through a third party company
or otherwise, and in and to all the results of the Working Shareholder.s work.
The Working Shareholders agree without any delay to transfer all such rights
and rights to amend, change, further develop, assign, license or otherwise
transfer to third parties the objects of such rights as the Company deems
best, pursuant to this Agreement and the employment, director or any other
contractual relationship of the Working Shareholder without any compensation
payable by the Company or the affiliates to the maximum extent allowed by
applicable laws. The Working Shareholder shall irrevocably and unconditionally
waive all the claims relating to any Intellectual Property Rights transferred
under this Section 13 or the utilisation thereof against the Company or the
affiliates.

The Company and the affiliates shall have an exclusive right to utilize the
said results and the Intellectual Property Rights transferred under this
Section 13 commercially and industrially, transfer them to third parties,
amend and further develop them without a separate consent of a respective
Working Shareholder. In accordance with what has been set forth above, the
Company and the affiliates shall always have the right to use the results or
the Intellectual Property Rights of the performed work also after the
termination of the employment of the Working Shareholder or termination of any
other agreement regarding work for the Company and/or the affiliates.

#  14.             TERM

This Agreement shall come into force with respect to each of the Parties on
the Effective Date and with respect to each new Shareholder by means of the
signature of a separate adherence agreement.

This Agreement is in force as long as more that one Shareholder owns Shares
and it shall terminate with respect of each Shareholder (save for the sections
of this Agreement which are intended to survive any termination of this
Agreement, including Sections 11, 12 and 13) when he has Transferred all his
Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  For the
sake of clarity any Transfer of Shares in breach of this Agreement shall not
terminate this Agreement with respect to such Shareholder.

#  15.             MISCELLENEOUS

##  15.1          Further Assurances

Each of the Parties shall execute such documents and take such actions as may
be reasonably required or desirable to carry out the provisions hereof and the
transactions contemplated hereby.

The Shareholders shall not enter into any other shareholders. agreement or be
bound towards any Shareholder by way of any other commitment or agreement with
respect to the Shares and/or the Company unless all the Shareholders are
parties of such agreement (such as a separate minority shareholders.
agreement) or other commitment.

##  15.2         Amendment; Waiver

Any changes to this Agreement may be made only in writing and signed by the
duly authorized representatives of the Parties, save for adherence of new
Shareholder in accordance with Section 9.3. Any other amendments shall be
void.

Failure by any Party at any time or times to require performance of any
provision of this Agreement shall in no manner affect its right to enforce the
same, and the waiver by any Party of any breach of any provision of this
Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver by such Party of any
succeeding breaches of such provision, or waiver by such party of any breach
of any other provision hereof.

##  15.3         Notices

All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of
actual receipt or: 

####  (a)    personal delivery to the party to be notified,

####  (b)   when sent, if sent by facsimile during normal business hours of
the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the
recipient.s next business day,

####  (c)    five (5) business days after having been sent by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or

####  (d)   one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized
overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery,
with written verification of receipt. 

All communications shall be sent to the respective parties at their address as
set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement or as set forth in a separate
adherence agreement, or as informed by the Parties otherwise, or to such
address or facsimile number as subsequently notified by a respective Party by
a written notice and such notice shall be deemed given when received by the
other Parties in accordance with this Section 15.3.

##  15.4         Entire Agreement

This Agreement and the documents referred to herein, together with all the
exhibits hereto, constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the
Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersede
any and all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written,
between or among the parties hereto with respect to the specific subject
matter hereof.

The Parties agree that in case of conflict between this Agreement and the
Articles of Association or this Agreement and Finnish Companies Act (save for
any statutory stipulations), this Agreement shall prevail.

##  15.5         Severability

If any provision of this Agreement shall be found by any court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the Parties hereby waive such
provision to the extent that it is found to be invalid or unenforceable. Such
provision shall, to the maximum extent allowable by law, be modified by such
court so that it becomes enforceable as close to the original provision as
possible, and, as modified, shall be enforced as any other provision hereof,
all the other provisions hereof continuing in full force and effect.

##  15.6         Assignment

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties
and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, shall constitute any rights
or remedies to any third parties under this Agreement.

Any attempt without such permission to assign, transfer, delegate or
sublicense any rights, duties or obligations that arise under this Agreement
shall be void.  Subject to the foregoing, and except as otherwise provided
herein, this Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the Parties
hereunder, will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of their respective
successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal
representatives.

##  15.7         Titles, Gender and Headings

The titles, gender captions and headings of this Agreement are included for
ease of reference only and will be disregarded in interpreting or construing
this Agreement. 

##  15.8          Attorneys. Fees

All the costs and expenses relating to the drafting of this Agreement, the
Investment Agreement and execution of transactions contemplated herein shall
be borne by the Company. Each Shareholder shall bear his own advisor.s fees,
costs and expenses in full, save for the Company shall reimburse counsel to
the Investors (excluding any new Investor adhering to this Agreement by means
of a separate adherence agreement) for fees incurred in connection with the
investment in the Company.s Shares, which shall not exceed EUR [add].

##  15.9         Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws Finland, excluding any conflicts of law rules.

##  15.10     Arbitration

All controversies and disputes arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement shall be settled amicably. All disputes which can not be settled
amicably between the Parties shall be finally settled by arbitration in
accordance with the Finnish Arbitration Act. The arbitral tribunal shall be
composed of one arbitrator appointed by the Finnish Central Chamber of
Commerce. The place of arbitration shall be Helsinki and the language of
arbitration shall be English unless all parties to the dispute agree
otherwise. Evidence may also be submitted in Finnish and witnesses heard in
Finnish. The arbitrator shall render his/her decision within six (6) months
from the appointment.

Any Party may, irrespective of any arbitral proceedings, apply to a court
having jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order or preliminary
injunction where such relief is necessary to protect his rights under this
Agreement.

[_SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW_]


This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which
when so executed and delivered will be deemed an original, and all of which
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

_______________________________________

_______________________________________

Name:

Title:

Name:

Title:

_______________________________________

_______________________________________

Name:

Title:

Name:

Title:

_______________________________________

_______________________________________

Name:

Title:

Name:

Title:

